[Music]
hello my name is Lewin I'm here to give
you a little introduction into my
mother-tongue
friends one would you like a cup of tea
Misaka pochamma see
phrase to the atmosphere in the Chinese
restaurant is know as sure now
it literally means hot and noisy now we
can order something from the menu 3 3 I
would like some vegetable dumplings
please
what is to the childhood cheese fries
for quickly I have some chopsticks when
they are shanghaied ma shi shi thank you
this is how I use chopstick when the
meal is finished someone will ask tapa
which means shall we go
freeze fix would you like to play people
with me
these are who is you to imagine I was
born the year of the dragon free seven
what is your zodiac sign Nissan GTR
initially negation Shulman freeze eight
goodbye
thirty
[Music]